## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Deployment

Run the following command.

```bash
fastapi dev main.py
```

## Notes
HTML files are generated by chatgpt, i can't be asked to create temporary html files haha

The only important things to know are how to use the API and what it returns, refer to any of the html files (all same just diff user ID) for guidance. 

Here are some of the important functions in the JS
1. addMessage({parameters}) -- You can easily modify this
 - The reason for the {} is because the API returns a dictionary. The keys of the dictionary is what's written there. The JS automatically destructures and stores the value as the variable when written as how it is. Hence, we can call "text" and "created_at" as it is. However, you don't need to do this and can also do text = message.text etc if you do it the traditional way. IMO, it's just cleaner this way. Modify this as per your needs to update the HTML 
2. Open websocket -- Don't recco modifying
- The open websocket is a core part of the entire page. It connects the user to the server. You probably want to keep it as it is. ws.onmessage is triggered when the websocket receives a message from the server. (When another user sends a message to the current user)
3. Fetch Convo History -- Don't recco modifying
- Important as well, likely wanna keep it as it is. API returns a list of messages(dictionary), addMessage function just adds the messages to HTML. Parse the OTHER and ME parameters as per normal
4. Form Submission -- Modify if you need
- There's alot of junk code here but important one is just how to send the post request to the server